the eggs
ham cheese and your company gladys
really thank you very much for the
invitation you know I love
share time with you because I learn
apart very much as delicious and it is not
I did not feel like cooking
sorry but I love the one that looks at me
I'm going to make an omelette with cheese
ham and with yolk and clear to see for the
company I heard an omelet with a bus
but that is to say yolk and clear to everything
scrambled for a law that do not prepare
over the clear ones it is not clear that not because
is let me tell you that the yolk is all
the vitamins all the minerals
antioxidants and the best thing is that you're going to
Be super satisfied and full of
energy and that fills me with energy
love because she is studying for
check under what the vitamins and
antioxidants that's amazing because
well that helps you look good and
like now that we are in all this wave
to take care of ourselves and to eat healthily
well I love ryan then how do we
we prepare because I'm sorry to have the 4 part
of the egg I complete the yolk and the egg
I'm going to return them, I'm going to put
little oil we are going to throw our
Eggs in the pan I add a little
of cheese
easy ham
and we wait for a moment like landslides
super interesting the company that
you made the whole egg that has
vitamins and minerals and antioxidants and
I have to share that with my friends
as soon as I see them I have them that is
extremely interesting because the truth
hey he's going to come more often to
learn this kind of thing very well from
play or serve here